[Issue 416] Update Contributing Guidelines (#431)
HHS/grants-equity: CONTRIBUTING_EXTERNAL.md

If you don't have specific language or code to submit but would like to suggest a change, request a feature, or have something addressed, you can open an issue in this repository.

Please open an issue of type [Feature request](https://github.com/HHS/grants-equity/issues/new?assignees=octocat&labels=enhancement&projects=&template=feature_request.yml&title=%5BFeature+Request%5D%3A+):

In this issue, please describe the use case for the feature you would like to see -, what you need, why you need it, and how it should work. Team members will respond to the Feature request as soon as possible. Often, Feature request suggestions undergo a collaborative discussion with the community to help refine the need for the feature and how it can be implemented.

### Non-Technical Contributions

#### Documentation

To contribute to documentation you find in this repository, feel free to use the GitHub user interface to submit a pull request for your changes. Find more information about using the GitHub user interface for PRs here.

### Contribute to community discussions

> 🚧 Tools and expanding avenues for community engagement are coming soon.

### Sharing your story 

> Sharing how you or your organization have used the Grants Equity project is an important way for us to raise awareness about the project and its impact. Please tell us your story by sending us an email at `grants-equity@hhs.gov`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sharing how you or your organization have used the Grants Equity project is an important way for us to raise awareness about the project and its impact. Please tell us your story by [sending us an email at `grants-equity@hhs.gov`](mailto:grants-equity@hhs.gov).
```

May as well make it clickable

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can remove the ticks around grants-equity@hhs.gov and markdown automatically converts it into a mailto link. Using the markdown syntax would allow us to add default subject lines, cc's, etc. But if all we're doing is setting it as a mailto item, that may not be necessary.

### Workflow and Branching

This project follows [trunk-based development](./CONTRIBUTING.md#branching-model), so all contributions are directed toward the `main` branch.

1.  Fork the project
1.  Check out the `main` branch
1.  Create a feature branch
1.  Write code and tests for your change
1.  From your branch, make a pull request against `hhs/grants-equity/main`
1.  Work with repo maintainers to get your change reviewed
1.  Wait for your change to be pulled into `hhs/grants-equity/main`
1.  Delete your feature branch

### Testing, Coding Style and Linters

Each application has its own testing and linters. Every commit is tested to adhere to tests and the linting guidelines. It is recommended to run tests and linters locally before committing.

### Issues

External contributors should use the *Bug Report* or *Feature Request* [issue templates](https://github.com/HHS/grants-equity/issues/new/choose).

### Pull Requests

Pull requests should follow the conventions in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) with the following changes:

> 1. Pull requests should be titled with `[Issue N] Description`. However if there is no issue, use `[External]` format.

Reviewer: Would it be helpful for external PRs to include a description in the title, ie. `[Exteneral] Description`, instead of just `[External]`?

Author: I made this change, thanks.

1. External contributors can't merge their own PRs, so an internal team member will pull in after changes are satisfactory.

## Policies

### Open Source Policy

We adhere to the [HHS Open Source
Policy](https://github.com/CMSGov/cms-open-source-policy). If you have any

> questions, just [shoot us an email](mailto:email address needed@hhs.gov).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
questions, just [shoot us an email](mailto:needed@hhs.gov).
```
I'm not familiar with this way of using mailto in markdown, i'm seeing this in the file preview: 
![image](https://github.com/HHS/grants-equity/assets/25465464/903c56f2-bbbd-4a56-a0cb-bf43b852fa42)

### Security and Responsible Disclosure Policy

> The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services is committed to ensuring the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Department of Health and Human Services is committed to ensuring the
```
